Containerized Docker Application Lifecycle - 00 - General Structure (#9305)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/containerized-lifecycle-architecture/road-to-modern-applications-based-on-containers.md

> ---

Reviewer: we usually keep just meaningful words in the file name.

Reviewer: I'd change it if possible.

Author: I changed in my local repo, not sure how to do it in the middle of this PR with all it's comments, is it Ok If I do it in another PR?

Reviewer: Sure, let's just make sure to merge the new one quickly after this one is merged, so the page is not published live.

title: Road to modern applications based on containers
description: Understand that Docker, containers and a Microservices architecture are not a one-size-fits-all solution. Here you will find some references that will help you decide.
author: CESARDELATORRE
ms.author: wiwagn
ms.date: 11/23/2018
---
# Road to modern applications based on containers

> You are probably reading this book because you are planning the development of new applications and/or you are assessing the impact of using Docker, Containers, and new approaches like Microservices in your company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're probably reading this book because you're planning the development of new applications or you're assessing the impact of using Docker, containers, and new approaches like microservices in your company.
```

> The adoption of new development paradigms must be taken with caution before starting a project, to assess the impact on your dev teams, your budget, or your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The adoption of new development paradigms must be taken with caution before you start a project to assess the impact on your dev teams, your budget, or your infrastructure.
```

> Microsoft has been working in a rich guidance, sample applications, and a suite of e-books, that can help you make an informed decision, and guide your team through a successful development, deployment, and operations of your new applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft has been working in a rich guidance, sample applications, and a suite of e-books that can help you make an informed decision and guide your team through a successful development, deployment, and operations of your new applications.
```

> This book belongs to a Microsoft suite of guides that cover many of the needs and challenges you will face during the process of developing new modern applications based on containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This book belongs to a Microsoft suite of guides that cover many of the needs and challenges you'll face during the process of developing new modern applications based on containers.
```

> You can find additional Microsoft e-books related to Docker containers in the list below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find additional Microsoft e-books related to Docker containers in the following list:
```

- **.NET Microservices: Architecture for Containerized .NET Applications** \

>   [*https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/microservices-architecture/*](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/microservices-architecture/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [*https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/microservices-architecture/*](../microservices-architecture/index.md)
```

- **Modernize existing .NET applications with Azure cloud and Windows Containers** \

>   [*https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/modernize-with-azure-and-containers/*](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/modernize-with-azure-and-containers/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [*https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/modernize-with-azure-and-containers/*](../modernize-with-azure-and-containers/index.md)
```

>[!div class="step-by-step"]
>[Previous](docker-containers-images-and-registries.md)

> >[Next](Docker-application-lifecycle/index.md)

Reviewer: paths should all be lowercase
